1)Which all databases are supported by RDS
 MySql, SQL Server & Oracle RDBMS

2)Which of the following are Persistent storage options? EBS, Local Storage, S3, Glacier

EBS- Persistant block storage volumes
S3 - Scalable storage
Glacier - archive storage
Local Storage - non persistent

3)name of service used for deployments?
AWS Elastic Beanstalk 
AWS OpsWorks 
AWS CloudFormation 
AWS CodeDeploy

4)Number of regions, Availability Zones & Edge locations are available in AWS? 
regions - 9 regions and two regions are not user accesible( Govt & Beijing)
Availability Zones - the number of availability zone vary across regions i.e. it ranges from 2 to 5
Edge locations - Ashburn, VA (3), Atlanta, GA, Dallas/Fort Worth, TX (2), Hayward, CA, Jacksonville, FL, Los Angeles, CA (2), Miami, FL, New York, NY (3), Newark, NJ, Palo Alto, CA, San Jose, CA, Seattle, WA, South Bend, IN, St. Louis, MO


5)Name 3 proprietary databases offered by AWS
Amazon  Aurora 
Amazon RDS 
Amazon DynamoDB

6)Which service can be used to analyse all API call logs
AWS CloudTrail

7)Which was the first service offered by AWS?
Simple Queue Service

8)Which AWS region is nearest to India? 
Asia Pacific (Singapore) Region (usually referred to as ap-southeast-1)

9) What is IAM?
AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)
IAM enables uS to securely control access to AWS services and resources for our users. Using IAM, we can create and manage AWS users and groups, and use permissions to allow and deny their access to AWS resources.

10) What is VPC?
Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) lets us provision a logically isolated section of the Amazon Web Services (AWS) Cloud where we can launch AWS resources in a virtual network that you define. You have complete control over your virtual networking environment, including selection of your own IP address range, creation of subnets, and configuration of route tables and network gateways.

11) What is difference between S3 & Glacier?

Amazon S3 is a durable, secure, simple, and fast storage service designed to make web-scale computing easier for developers.We use Amazon S3 if you need low latency or frequent access to your data.We use Amazon Glacier if low storage cost is paramount, your data is rarely retrieved, and data retrieval times of several hours are acceptable.

Amazon S3 now provides a new storage option that enables you to utilize Amazon Glacier’s extremely low-cost storage service for data archiving. You can define S3 lifeycycle rules to automatically archive sets of Amazon S3 objects to Amazon Glacier to reduce your storage costs. 
